>> Steve Kinney: What I want to do next
is, we already have that LED wired up.
What I want to do is kind of marry
the two things we were just doing.
We can now know when a button
is pressed or released.
We also have the ability
to turn an LED on and off.
What if, bare with me here,
we turn the LED on or
off depending on whether or
not the button was pressed or released.
I know I know.
So let's go ahead and take a look at that.
To match up with the diagram
that I made earlier.
The stargrams take a lot of time.
I put my LED back on a zero.
If you wanna leave yours on a five,
that'll work.
Remember, for turning on and
off any pin will work.
I just wanted to keep it
consistent with the diagram.
That felt like
the responsible thing to do.
So I'm gonna just change
my code real quick.
And I'll say a0.
And I'm not gonna do anything
with it immediately.
Here I can go ahead and
turn these into, I'll say,
when it's pressed we'll do led.on.
And when it's released, do led.off.
Cool.
And what I'm going to do now is I'm going
to deploy that code from the playground.
All right, good.
The code has deployed.
I can press the button.
The LED turns on.
I release the button, the LED turns off.
You'll notice that I can't help
myself from doing this repeatedly.
It's very gratifying, right?
I can't, I know.
I write professional software applications
all day, I do very complicated things.
And yet this is literally
incredibly rewarding for me.
So I know that you want to, so
just give yourself a second and indulge.